Add flake8 and isort in docs (#1376)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/development.rst

sticks to our coding conventions.

- *Code style*: We use the code style imposed

>   by `Black <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_, `isort <https://pycqa.github.io/isort/>`_
>   or `flake8 <https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_. The pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by `Black <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_, `isort <https://pycqa.github.io/isort/>`_ and  `flake8 <https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_. The pipeline
```

  makes sure that the (Python) files changed in your pull request
  also adhere to this code style. If this step of the pipeline fails,

>   fix your code style by running ``black <file or directory>`` or 

Reviewer: here as well

Author: Done

>   ``isort <file or directory>`` to automatically format your files. You could also use `flake8` 
>   if you want to modify the style manually by running ``flake8 <file or directory>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix code style problems, run ``flake8 <file or directory>`` for a style report, and then fix the problems that were detected by ``flake8 ``
```

Reviewer: I think the tone here can have a bit more certainty.

Author: Ya this works too
